---
title:  "The Good and Bad of Conferences as a Publishing Venue"
date:   2017-09-25 00:00 +0300
layout: post
excerpt_separator: "<!--END_EXCERPT-->"
---
For both good and bad, computer scientists publish the large majority of their work in conferences, with peer-reviewed proceedings that considered equivalent to journals from other fields.<!--END_EXCERPT--> The proceedings are included in the Finnish Publication Forums rankings as legitimate publishing venues, are peer-reviewed (often double-blind) and are largely considered the default publishing venue with often 75% rejection rates. This is in stark contrast to fields (e.g. Humanities) where conferences are considered almost non-acedemic, with almost anyone given the opportunity to present and often no proceedings -- outside of a compilation of abstracts -- is published.

This difference in the way conferences are seen between CS (and associated fields) and for example humanities can lead to weird communication issues, where a computer scientist suggests joint work that would result in a conference publication but is brushed off as "not worth it" by the colleague from another field. Similarly, computer scientists can see journal publications as "too cumbersome" and slow, thus rejecting interesting opportunities for collaboration. I believe that this is phenomena is reinforced by the fact that in such discussions, both sides have very clear ideas about what conferences and journals mean within their respective fields and often fail to even consider that those things might not be universal across the whole of academia.

Ignoring this annoying and real communication problem, conferences as default pulishing venue present many interesting challenges and opportunities that might not necessarily manifest with journal publications. Namely, these differences are about the effects of *travel* and *procedures*.

In almost all cases, a physical presentation of the paper is a requirement for inclusion in the conference proceedings (the actual publication), and thus travel is almost always required for a conference publication. This, quite naturally, has both pros and cons. A highly positive effect of traveling to a physical location for a few days and conferring with other professionals of the field is the opprotunities allowed for new collaborations. Many-a-paper has first been envisioned during the Q&A session of the presentation, afterwards in the corridor or later during the night over a few pints. The presentations also act as good Cliff's notes versions of the full papers, allowing one to quickly determine which parts of the conference proceedings are relevant to their own research interests. 

At the same time, the physical travel is often quite expensive and time consuming. In most cases, one finds that traveling to a conference requires one to fly in the day before the main conference, and to fly out the day after the conference. This effectively doubles the time spent on a two-day conference into a four-day trip. In the worst case, the flights end up leaving at obscene hours with multiple layovers. Finally, at least at a public institution like a Finnish university, invoicing the travel expenses from the university ends up taking at least half a day. Combine this with another half-day to for booking the trip, and you quickly find yourself spending 5 days on the travel and associated tasks. And that's assuming you are able to plan and create your presentation during the flights to save time.

The largest procedural distinctions between CS conferences and journals seem to relate to the review process. In computer science, the reviews are often blinded and each paper is reviewed by multiple reviewers. Based on said reviews, the conference chairs (or equivalent) then decide which papers to accept. In some cases, papers submitted as full papers can be accepted as short papers with a shorter page limit and only poster presentation. In other cases, the authors must decide whether to submit as a full paper or a short paper prior to submissions and no change of "class" is allowed. Essentially all the problems with the conference review process -- in my experience -- have to do with time. Namely, the lack of time. As a significant amounts of papers must be reviewed very quickly by multiple people, many conferences end up using reviewers that are unable or unwilling to properly evaluate the submitted work. Stump reviews, simple misunderstanding etc. are relatively common, and the deciphering the reviews is often a real chore. Futhermore, the time limits associated with the conferences almost always result in a review process where the authors have no possibility to answer or address the reviews, beyond hastily preparing a camera ready submission if accepted. From the reviewer's perspective, the problem is essentially that it is impossible to give a conditional accept; either the paper is good enough for publication, or it is not; there is no option for "Fix this, and it's good". Similarly, the authors have no possibility to address unwarranted criticisms stemming from pure misunderstandings of the work -- a real possilibity when someone from a tangentially related field ends up reviewing the work.

Overall, I'd say that the physical CS-related conferences are exhautive, time-consuming, expensive and absolutely worth it. The process of getting a conference paper accepted to such a conference, however, can be a frustrating experience with often seeming "unfair" results that cannot be appealed: "better luck next year!".
